STEP 1 : Opened Google Chrome and typed "xylisys.com" 
         So now it searches for the IP Address in the following order
         1. Browser Cache
         2. Os Cache
         3. DNS Resolver (ISP or Router)
         4. Root DNS server
         5. TLD (Top Level Domain) server
         6. Authoritative Server --> Which will provide the actual IP

         TLD server stores info about which authoritative DNS server controls a specific domain 
            for example (Cloudfare, GoDaddy etc...)
         
         Authoritative server owns the actual DNS records of the domain (IPv4 and IPv6)

         When the IP is fetched it is stored in cache for future Ease of Access respecting the TTL
            time by Domain Owner

STEP 2 : Once IP is fetched TCP 3 Way Handshake is Request
         
         So Chrome initiates the connection by sending a SYN Packet
            usually ISN (initial Sequence Number) e.g. ClientISN
            It sends :
                SYN = 1, Seq = ClientISN, after than it updates it's status to SYN-Sent
            
            --> By this it means that the chrome is ready to send & receive data for the requested url

         So now the Web Server (having the IP address of xylisys.com) receives the SYN and replies with 
            SYN = 1 , ACK = 1 , Ack number = ClientISN + 1 , Seq =  ServerISN

            --> By this it means I acknowledge your request and your sequence number and 
                Here’s my sequence number—please acknowledge it.

         Chrome receives the server’s SYN-ACK and responds with:
            ACK = 1 , Ack number = ServerISN + 1
            Chrome will move to connection established state

         THIS COMPLETES THE TCP 3-WAY HANDSHAKE!    

STEP 3:  Before any data transfer takes place HTTPS requires encryption (FOR HTTPS ONLY)

            So TLS Handshake takes place (Transport Layer Security)
            ClientHello:
            Chrome begins by sending the TLS versions and cipher suites it supports, a random value, 
                and the SNI so the server knows which domain it’s trying to reach (e.g., chatgpt.com).

            ServerHello:
                The server replies with the TLS version and cipher suite it chose, along with its own random value.

            Server Certificate:
                The server also sends its certificate, which contains its public key. 
                    Chrome checks this certificate against trusted Certificate Authorities to make sure it’s authentic.

            Key Exchange:
                Using the exchanged information, both Chrome and the server work out a shared session key 
                    that will be used for encryption.

            Secure Connection:
                Once that key is agreed on, an encrypted tunnel is established, 
                    and all the HTTP traffic that follows is protected.

            After this all HTML data is encrypted

STEP 4: HTTP Request
        Example:
            GET /path/resource HTTP/1.1
            Host: xylisys.com
            User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) 
            Accept: text/html
            Connection: keep-alive

STEP 5: Server Process

            It checks the method and urls , verifies it
            Then begins to process the content like API calls and database queries etc...

            After this, it prepares response with status code, headers and Body

STEP 6: Server sends back an HTTP Response
        Example:
            HTTP/1.1 200 OK
            Content-Type: text/html
            Content-Length: 1256
            Set-Cookie: session=abcd1234; HttpOnly

            <html>...content...</html>

STEP 7: Browser Renders the Response/Error and make it visually available on the screen

         
